with each new decade. The way I stay in touch, it modifies itself. When
I first joined the Navy back in 2000, the main way was, um, actually
just driving down, um, making the 18 hour trip from Washington toe
toe Los Angeles and yeah, in person. But of course, that gets old.
Um, I wasn't a letter writer, but I I know that people write letters
all the time, and I have paid a pretty penny, uh, making the calls
from, you know, from far away. Um, yeah, I saw, like, 102 $100 bills.
Um, sometimes once the internet started to become more popular than
Yeah, a Well, um, later on Skype, the video conferencing really helps
out a lot. And then finally, um, now I think everybody has the
cell phone. It took me a long time to get one, but now I text and message.
And yeah, it's super cheap and super free. Super immediate. So
those are the ways that I communicate